All right.
So we can create a new post.
We can add a featured image to the post, so we can upload one image, we can upload multiple images.
Now, the next thing we want to do is we want to show the uploaded images here, right?
So as a library, so all of these images are saved in the database.
So we want to show the list of images available because when you're creating a post, you may not always
want to upload a new one.
You may want to choose from your library.
Right?
So you may have uploaded now lots of images before you actually use them.
All right.
So that's the whole idea of having this media library.
So let's implement that.
And that will look something like this one so that this is the finished product to upload.
Of course, you can upload a new one or you can choose the.
For those that I already uploaded.
If I if I click here you can see that image has been saved as featured image for this fall.
So inaccurate a new post.
This image will be the featured images for this post.
So we want to implement something like that.
So let's go to our back end and create the endpoint.
Actually, we need to add one.
One is to get all of the media files and another one is to implement the delete feature.
Let's go to the back and create these two endpoints and then we can implement that feature here.
So it's good.
So let's start from the road post.
So let's add.
And media outlets.
So, Ron, don't get to make it get out.
We can call the media.
And we want to apply some middleware require signing is admin and then we call it media.
Okay.
Next one, let's create the delete endpoint as rules around a dot delete so media and then to delete
a media, we going to send the media ID so we can do that.
As I recall, assigning is admin and then we can call it to remove media, I guess.
So that's to get all the media and that is to delete the media.
So let's bring them from our control media and remove media.
So let's go to this control controllers posts
I.
So let's write them here.
Export counts media equals to async request for response Friday.
So here what you want to do.
Actually, let me just create another important as well to do it export concert media.
So to get all the media files we can put in a variable media.
Media equals to await the media model.
So we use the media model.
Use the find function that gives us all the files.
And now it's media file.
Have the posted by the user and from us or whoever created them.
So we're going to populate that as well.
See?
So populate.
Posted by.
And you done.
We don't need the whole a user object.
We just need the ID of the user.
So we can just select, underscore, tidy.
Sorry.
So coats and whatever fuels you need, for example, if you want it, if you remember, you can just
write like that with space.
No.
Com.
But we just want the so we just leave it like that.
Heidi and then we also want to populate.
It is not popular.
We want to show so we want to sort of based on the created dates or the latest, latest ones, the newly
uploaded ones will be on the top.
Right.
So created and.
Minus one.
All right.
So that's how we get all the media.
We populate the posted by users I.D., sort by the created date, and that's all we need.
We can send the decent response media.
I guess that would contain all the files that we have now.
Next one is to remove such remove we can again find the medium by adding Andrew What I need to go on
media includes to await media don't find by I d and
delete find variety and delete and the idea of the media will be receiving in the params a request for
outside.
All right.
So once you find the media and remove, all we need to do is you can send the deleted media as a response,
but we don't really need that.
So we can just send response station.
Okay.
To.
All right.
So that way we will be able to get all the media and the media as well.
So let's go to our client and then let's implement this so that we can show all the media and allow
the admin to remove ads.
Well.